our Israeli newspaper is reporting that
an Israeli army helicopter may have
fired on partygoers at the Dance
Festival that was attacked by Hamas
fighters on October the 7th more than
360 people were killed at the festival
in southern Israel Harret is quoting an
unnamed police Source citing an
investigation well according to the
paper a combat helicopter arriving at
the scene fired on Hamas Fighters and
apparently also hit some Festival
participants the paper also says Hamas
did not plan the attack on the Nova
Music Festival but chose to do it
spontaneously let's speak now to hamda
salut she's in occupied East Jerusalem
Forest so pretty extraordinary
Revelations hamda talk to us about this
investigation that's being
reported well a few different findings
in this police report that was leaked by
an official two hardit the first one was
that hamas's attack on the Nova Music
Festival on October 7th was not
premeditated and there wasn't really a
way for them to have prior knowledge
about the festival specifically on that
Saturday because or the organizers for
the event requested an extension of the
party so it was actually only supposed
to be held on Thursday and Friday but
after approval from the Army it was also
extended to Saturday the second
Revelation was that an Israeli attack
helicopter that was dis batch to shoot
on Hamas Fighters at the scene may have
apparently killed some Israelis fleeing
the area as well and the third thing
that it mentions the security officials
are now sure in their assertion
according to the sources in the harit
piece that the there were around 4,400
Festival goers and that the party
actually ended once the red alert sirens
and interceptions were heard overhead
and that the gun fire happened 30
minutes later so in the beginning stages
when the rocket fire was happening
that's actually when most of the people
began to flee and then 30 minutes after
is when the exchanges of fire started to
happen and also hamda what's the latest
we've been hearing there from the
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu Israeli Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu in his nightly
address speaking of about a variety of
topics the main one really is the issue
of the captives saying that there's no
deal whatsoever on the table and that
there's not going to be a ceasefire
until the they are brought back into
Israeli territory now something
interesting that he noted was the
growing International pressure against
Israel and their continuous military
campaign and assault on the Gaza Strip
he said that he had to start allowing
Aid into Gaza because international
support was waning and there was no way
the International Community even allies
were going to stand by Israel and
continue supporting them in their War he
said that it came with pressure from the
United States even though the US is a
big Israel backer when it comes to
weapons and Munitions but the Israeli
Prime Minister said that he himself is
trying to change the narrative by
talking to American Media almost every
day Laura okay H ho bring us the latest
from occupied East Jerusalem thanks
Handa